[LLM] Add example for Qwen (#3240)
skypilot-org/skypilot: llm/qwen/README.md

# Serving Qwen1.5 on Your Own Cloud

> [Qwen1.5](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen1.5) is one of the top open LLMs.

Reviewer: Maybe add: As of Feb 2024, [Qwen1.5-72B-Chat](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen1.5/) is ranked higher than [Mixtral-8x7b-Instruct-v0.1](https://mistral.ai/news/mixtral-of-experts/) on the LMSYS [Chatbot Arena Leaderboard](https://chat.lmsys.org/).

```
This will start the service with multiple replicas on the cheapest available locations and accelerators. SkyServe will automatically manage the replicas, monitor their health, autoscale based on load, and restart them when needed.

A single endpoint will be returned and any request sent to the endpoint will be routed to the ready replicas.

2. To check the status of the service, run:
```bash
sky serve status qwen
```
After a while, you will see the following output:
```console
Services
NAME        VERSION  UPTIME  STATUS        REPLICAS  ENDPOINT            
Qwen  1        -       READY         2/2       3.85.107.228:30002  

Service Replicas
SERVICE_NAME  ID  VERSION  IP  LAUNCHED    RESOURCES                   STATUS REGION  
Qwen          1   1        -   2 mins ago  1x Azure({'A100-80GB': 8}) READY  eastus  
Qwen          2   1        -   2 mins ago  1x GCP({'L4': 8})          READY  us-east4-a 
```
As shown, the service is now backed by 2 replicas, one on Azure and one on GCP, and the accelerator
type is chosen to be **the cheapest available one** on the clouds. That said, it maximizes the
availability of the service while minimizing the cost.

> 3. To access the model, we use the same curl command to send the request to the endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To access the model, we use a `curl -L` command (`-L` to follow redirect) to send the request to the endpoint:
```
Does this sound better?
